Add Current State Version Outputs API (#2212)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/cloud-docs/api-docs/state-version-outputs.mdx

  }
}
```

> ## Show Current State Version Outputs for a Workspace

Reviewer: What are version outputs? 🤔

Reviewer: Another, slightly related question, why would someone use this API?

Author: Excellent question! This is how I understand it (anyone feel free to correct me on this): when you initiate a successful run in TFC/E, the resulting Terraform state file is versioned... what we call a state version. Like a regular Terraform statefile, it can have outputs, e.g:
```hcl
# somewhere in my configuration
output "my-ec2-private-ip-addrress" {
  value = aws_instance.server.private_ip
  sensitive = false
}
```
When we talk about state version outputs, we refer to these values. Here are the docs if my explanation isn't clear: https://www.terraform.io/language/values/outputs

Hope this helps! 😃

> This endpoint allows users without permissions to read state versions to fetch outputs for a workspace.

Reviewer: Clarifying questions - does this mean that anyone with the URL can send a request to the API? No token no auth, etc, is needed?

Author: Nope, you will need to be a member of the organization the workspace belongs to and supply your user token. However it's for users who are a member of a team (within said organization) that doesn't have permissions to read state versions.

Reviewer: Ah OK - that makes sense. What do you think about updating the sentence to reflect what you've said in your comment?

Maybe something like:

```suggestion
This endpoint allows workspace organization users who do not have permissions to read state versions to fetch outputs for a workspace.
```

> -> **Note:** Sensitive values are not revealed and will be returned as `null`.

Reviewer: 💯 I like that this is called out.

Reviewer 2: Please add a note w/ link about how to fetch sensitive output values (you have to use the outputs/:id GET endpoint for a specific output, which is the the related -> self link

> This endpoint allows organization users, who do not have permissions to read state versions, to fetch the latest [output values](/language/values/outputs) for a workspace. ([More about permissions.](/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/permissions))

Reviewer: 🏆 This is great!
